[OSDOCS#17396]: Release_notes_ n4a_gcp (#110944)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-install-update_{context}"]
== Installation and update

> Support for N4A machine types on Google Cloud::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for N4A machine types on {gcp-first}::
```

+

> With this update, you can install and update a {product-title} cluster on Google Cloud with N4A machine types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, you can install a {product-title} cluster on {gcp-short} with N4A machine types.
```

+

> Google Cloud’s N4A Virtual Machines (VMs) use Google's latest custom-designed Axion processor, built on the Arm Neoverse N3 compute core and powered by Titanium IPU. The N4A machines deliver exceptional performance compared to current-generation x86-based VMs, making them ideal for containerized applications and microservices on {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
N4A Virtual Machines (VMs) use highly efficient Arm-based processors. N4A machines deliver exceptional performance compared to current-generation x86-based VMs, making them ideal for containerized applications and microservices on {product-title}.
```
It's important that we don't take verbiage directly from Google's docs.

+

> For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_gcp/preparing-to-install-on-gcp.adoc[Installing on Google Cloud].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-customizations#installation-gcp-tested-machine-types_installing-gcp-customizations[Tested instance types for {gcp-full}] and link:https://docs.cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n4a_series[N4A machine series (Google documentation).
```

[id="ocp-release-notes-install-update_{context}"]
== Installation and update

Support for N4A machine types on {gcp-first}::
+
With this update, you can install a {product-title} cluster on {gcp-short} with N4A machine types.
+
N4A Virtual Machines (VMs) use highly efficient Arm-based processors. N4A machines deliver exceptional performance compared to current-generation x86-based VMs, making them ideal for containerized applications and microservices on {product-title}.
+
For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-customizations.adoc#installation-gcp-tested-machine-types_installing-gcp-customizations[Tested instance types for {gcp-full}] and link:https://docs.cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n4a_series[N4A machine series (Google documentation)].

> ../installing/installing_gcp/preparing-to-install-on-gcp.adoc[Installing on Google Cloud].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Looks like this was left in error
